docs/docs/user/subscription-getting-started.md, before:

---
id: subscription-getting-started
title: Subscription getting started
---

<!--Content-->

Describe how to set the subscription

## User access system

<div>
<img src="https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/erxes-docs/getting+started/gs1.jpg" class="hw"/>
<img src="https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/erxes-docs/getting+started/gs2.jpg" class="hw"/>
</div>

1. Insert an **email address**
2. Click **Sign Up** button
3. Insert **confirmation code** sent to the email address
4. Click **confirm**

<div>
<img src="https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/erxes-docs/getting+started/gs3.jpg" class="hw"/>
<img src="https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/erxes-docs/getting+started/gs4.jpg" class="hw"/>
</div>

1. Insert your **Company name**
2. Click **Create** to confirm
3. Click for **Initial Setup**

---
## Signing in

To sign in, navigate to the erxes sign-in page. <br>
If you don't have account? Create a new one from <a href="https://erxes.io/en/create" target="_blank">https://erxes.io/</a>.



### Email Address or Username Sign In

When enabled by your System Admin, you can sign in with the username or email address used to create your account.

<div>
    <img src="https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/erxes-docs/sign-in-page.png" style="width: 350px" />
    <img src="https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/erxes-docs/reset-password.png" style="width: 350px" />
</div>
<br>

1. Insert an __email address__ or __username__
2. Insert __password__
3. Click __Sign in__ button to sign in
4. If you have forgotten your password, you can reset it by clicking __Forgot password?__
5. Insert an __email address__ that used to create your account.
6. By clicking __Email me the instruction__, we sent an email reset password link to your email address.
---

## Initial Setup

### Create Brand

<img src="https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/erxes-docs/getting+started/gs5.jpg"/>

1. Insert your **Brand Name**
2. Click **Next** to confirm

### Invite your team member

<img src="https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/erxes-docs/getting+started/gs6.jpg"/>

1. Insert your team members email address
2. Click **Save** to confirm
3. Click **Invite** to send invitation email

### Create Messenger

<img src="https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/erxes-docs/getting+started/gs7.jpg"/>

1. Insert your **Messenger name**
2. Choose your **messenger language**
3. Choose your **Brand**
4. Click **Next** for confirmation

### Create Channel

<img src="https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/erxes-docs/getting+started/gs8.jpg"/>

1. Insert your **Messenger name**
2. Choose your **messenger language**
3. Choose your **Brand**
4. Click **Next** to finish Initial Setup

---

## Save Your Account

- Click **“Save Your Account”** on the top right corner of the page
  <h6 style="    font-size: 12px;
      padding: 3px 10px;
      background: rgba(234, 71, 93, 0.2);
      border-radius: 12px;
      width: 210px;
      font-weight: 300;">
    To save your account <label style="    font-weight: bold;">click here.</label>
      </h6>

<div>
<img src="https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/erxes-docs/getting-started-9.png">
<img src="https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/erxes-docs/getting-started-8.png">
</div>

1. Insert your **Full Name**
2. Insert your **Email Address**
3. Create your **Password**

<aside class="notice">Insert your Full Name
Insert your Email Address
Create your Password</aside>

---

## My Profile

### Create your profile

<div>
<img src="https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/erxes-docs/getting-started-6.png">
<img src="https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/erxes-docs/getting-started-5.png">
</div>

1. Click on the right top corner of the page
2. Select **View Profile**
3. **Create/Edit** your profile information

---

<img src="https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/erxes-docs/getting-started-4.png">

1. Upload your **Profile Photo**
2. Insert your **Full Name**
3. Insert your **Username**
4. Insert your **Short Name**
5. Insert your **Position**
6. Insert your **Email Address**
7. Choose your **Location**
8. Insert your short bio **Description**
9. Link your **Social Accounts**
10. **Save** your profile information

<aside class="notice">By filling out your information accurately, it will appear on the widget section on the website</aside>

---

## Pricing

- General Settings -> **Organization Settings**

<div>
<img src="https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/erxes-docs/getting-started-3.png">
<img src="https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/erxes-docs/getting-started-2.png">
<img src="https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/erxes-docs/getting-started-1.png">
</div>

1. Choose your **Plan**
2. Choose your **Team size**
3. **Total Payment & Expiry Date**
4. Click **Pay Now**
5. Double check your **Total Amount**
6. Click **Purchase**
7. Insert **Cardholder’s information**
8. Click **Pay**

---


## Sign out

<img src="https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/erxes-docs/log-out.png" />
<br>



1. You can sign out from the Main Menu, which is accessed by clicking the __profile image__ in the top header on the right side of the screen.
2. Clicking __Sign out__ logs you out of all teams on the server.

Commit message:

Update subscription-getting-started.md (#1982)

docs/docs/user/subscription-getting-started.md, after:

---
id: subscription-getting-started
title: Subscription getting started
---

<!--Content-->

Describe how to set the subscription

## User access system

<div>
<img src="https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/erxes-docs/getting+started/gs1.jpg" class="hw"/>
<img src="https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/erxes-docs/getting+started/gs2.jpg" class="hw"/>
</div>

1. Go to https://erxes.io/create 
2. Insert an **email address** and click on the Sign Up button. 
3. On the next page, enter your **company name**, which becomes your **subdomain title**. 
4. The next page is your erxes dashboard with the subdomain address as “**xxx.app.erxes.io**”
5. Meanwhile, open your email and follow the **email confirmation instructions**.
6. Back at your erxes dashboard click on **Get Started** of the erxes Bot (in the right bottom corner) to enter your **full name** and set your **username and password**. Click save.
7. Pick which setup to start first by choosing at least two features from the options and click Finish.
8. Follow the Bots instructions or go straight to the Help, Settings sections on the top left corner.

<div>
<img src="https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/erxes-docs/getting+started/gs3.jpg" class="hw"/>
<img src="https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/erxes-docs/getting+started/gs4.jpg" class="hw"/>
</div>


---
## Signing in

To sign in, navigate to the erxes sign-in page. <br>
If you don't have account? Create a new one from <a href="https://erxes.io/en/create" target="_blank">https://erxes.io/</a>.



### Email Address or Username Sign In

When enabled by your System Admin, you can sign in with the username or email address used to create your account.

<div>
    <img src="https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/erxes-docs/sign-in-page.png" style="width: 350px" />
    <img src="https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/erxes-docs/reset-password.png" style="width: 350px" />
</div>
<br>

1. Insert an __email address__ or __username__
2. Insert __password__
3. Click __Sign in__ button to sign in
4. If you have forgotten your password, you can reset it by clicking __Forgot password?__
5. Insert an __email address__ that used to create your account.
6. By clicking __Email me the instruction__, we sent an email reset password link to your email address.
---

## Initial Setup

### Create Brand

<img src="https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/erxes-docs/getting+started/gs5.jpg"/>

1. Insert your **Brand Name**
2. Click **Next** to confirm

### Invite your team member

<img src="https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/erxes-docs/getting+started/gs6.jpg"/>

1. Insert your team members email address
2. Click **Save** to confirm
3. Click **Invite** to send invitation email

### Create Messenger

<img src="https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/erxes-docs/getting+started/gs7.jpg"/>

1. Insert your **Messenger name**
2. Choose your **messenger language**
3. Choose your **Brand**
4. Click **Next** for confirmation

### Create Channel

<img src="https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/erxes-docs/getting+started/gs8.jpg"/>

1. Insert your **Messenger name**
2. Choose your **messenger language**
3. Choose your **Brand**
4. Click **Next** to finish Initial Setup

---

## Save Your Account

- Click **“Save Your Account”** on the top right corner of the page
  <h6 style="    font-size: 12px;
      padding: 3px 10px;
      background: rgba(234, 71, 93, 0.2);
      border-radius: 12px;
      width: 210px;
      font-weight: 300;">
    To save your account <label style="    font-weight: bold;">click here.</label>
      </h6>

<div>
<img src="https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/erxes-docs/getting-started-9.png">
<img src="https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/erxes-docs/getting-started-8.png">
</div>

1. Insert your **Full Name**
2. Insert your **Email Address**
3. Create your **Password**

<aside class="notice">Insert your Full Name
Insert your Email Address
Create your Password</aside>

---

## My Profile

### Create your profile

<div>
<img src="https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/erxes-docs/getting-started-6.png">
<img src="https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/erxes-docs/getting-started-5.png">
</div>

1. Click on the right top corner of the page
2. Select **View Profile**
3. **Create/Edit** your profile information

---

<img src="https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/erxes-docs/getting-started-4.png">

1. Upload your **Profile Photo**
2. Insert your **Full Name**
3. Insert your **Username**
4. Insert your **Short Name**
5. Insert your **Position**
6. Insert your **Email Address**
7. Choose your **Location**
8. Insert your short bio **Description**
9. Link your **Social Accounts**
10. **Save** your profile information

<aside class="notice">By filling out your information accurately, it will appear on the widget section on the website</aside>

---

## Pricing

- General Settings -> **Organization Settings**

<div>
<img src="https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/erxes-docs/getting-started-3.png">
<img src="https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/erxes-docs/getting-started-2.png">
<img src="https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/erxes-docs/getting-started-1.png">
</div>

1. Choose your **Plan**
2. Choose your **Team size**
3. **Total Payment & Expiry Date**
4. Click **Pay Now**
5. Double check your **Total Amount**
6. Click **Purchase**
7. Insert **Cardholder’s information**
8. Click **Pay**

---


## Sign out

<img src="https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/erxes-docs/log-out.png" />
<br>



1. You can sign out from the Main Menu, which is accessed by clicking the __profile image__ in the top header on the right side of the screen.
2. Clicking __Sign out__ logs you out of all teams on the server.
