docs/docs/installation/centos8.md, before:

---
id: centos8
title: CentOS 8
---

This steps explain how to install Erxes on CentOS 8.

## Installing erxes on CentOS 8

To have erxes up and running quickly, you can follow the following steps.

1. Provision a new server running CentOS 8.

2. Log in to your new server as `root` account and run the following command.

   `bash -c "$(curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/erxes/erxes/develop/scripts/install/centos8.sh)"`

   **Note**: you will be asked to provide a domain for nginx server to set up config for erxes

3. Log in to your domain DNS and create A record based on your new server IP.

## Create an admin user

Switch to user `erxes` and run the following commands based on your needs.

```sh
su erxes
cd ~/erxes-api
export MONGO_URL=mongodb://localhost/erxes?replicaSet=rs0
```

The following will create an admin user admin@erxes.io with a random password (check your console to grab the password)

```
yarn initProject
```

## Load initial data

The below command will create initial permission groups, permissions, growth hack templates, email templates and some sample data and reset the admin password (check your console to grab the password)

```
yarn loadInitialData
```

If do not want to load sample data then you can run following command just to load permissions.

```
yarn loadPermission
```

Now you have erxes up and running!

## SSL integration

The following is the demonstration of how to secure your nginx by installing letsencrypt.

**Note**: it is up to you if you wish to use different SSL provider.

1. Log in to your server as `root` via `ssh` and run the following commands.

```sh
curl -O https://dl.eff.org/certbot-auto
mv certbot-auto /usr/local/bin/certbot-auto
chmod 0755 /usr/local/bin/certbot-auto
/usr/local/bin/certbot-auto --nginx
```

`/usr/local/bin/certbot-auto --nginx` command will install multiple Python packages that are required by certbot and prompt you to answer some questions. Please follow the interactive prompt.

2. Log in to your server as `erxes` via `ssh` or switch to `erxes` from `root` user.  
   Edit `erxes/build/js/env.js` file where env vars for frontend app are stored.
   The content of the file should be as follows:

```javascript
window.env = {
  PORT: 3000,
  NODE_ENV: "production",
  REACT_APP_API_URL: "https://your_domain/api",
  REACT_APP_API_SUBSCRIPTION_URL: "wss://your_domain/api/subscriptions",
  REACT_APP_CDN_HOST: "https://your_domain/widgets"
};
```

3. Update all env vars with HTTPS url in the `ecosystem.json` file.
4. Finally, you need to restart pm2 erxes processes by running the following command:

```sh
pm2 restart ecosystem.json
```

If you need more information about pm2, please go to official documentation [here](https://pm2.keymetrics.io/docs/usage/application-declaration/).

Commit message:

bump centos8 installation script and doc to v.0.14.3

docs/docs/installation/centos8.md, after:

---
id: centos8
title: CentOS 8
---

This steps explain how to install Erxes on CentOS 8.

## Installing erxes on CentOS 8

To have erxes up and running quickly, you can follow the following steps.

1. Provision a new server running CentOS 8.

2. Log in to your new server as `root` account and run the following command.

   `bash -c "$(curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/erxes/erxes/develop/scripts/install/centos8.sh)"`

   **Note**: you will be asked to provide a domain for nginx server to set up config for erxes and the password for admin@erxes.io user will be printed into terminal console at the and of the installation.

3. Log in to your domain DNS and create A record based on your new server IP.

## Load initial data

Switch to user `erxes` and run the following commands based on your needs.

```sh
su erxes
cd ~/erxes-api
export MONGO_URL="API_MONGO_URL"
```

- `API_MONGO_URL` - this is the value of the `MONGO_URL` env var of erxes-api in the `/home/erxes/ecosystem.json`

The below command will create initial permission groups, permissions, growth hack templates, email templates and some sample data and reset the admin password and it will be printed into terminal.

```
yarn loadInitialData
```

If do not want to load sample data then you can run following command just to load permissions.

```
yarn loadPermission
```

Now you have erxes up and running!

## SSL integration

The following is the demonstration of how to secure your nginx by installing letsencrypt.

**Note**: it is up to you if you wish to use different SSL provider.

1. Log in to your server as `root` via `ssh` and run the following commands.

```sh
curl -O https://dl.eff.org/certbot-auto
mv certbot-auto /usr/local/bin/certbot-auto
chmod 0755 /usr/local/bin/certbot-auto
/usr/local/bin/certbot-auto --nginx
```

`/usr/local/bin/certbot-auto --nginx` command will install multiple Python packages that are required by certbot and prompt you to answer some questions. Please follow the interactive prompt.

2. Log in to your server as `erxes` via `ssh` or switch to `erxes` from `root` user.  
   Edit `erxes/build/js/env.js` file where env vars for frontend app are stored.
   The content of the file should be as follows:

```javascript
window.env = {
  PORT: 3000,
  NODE_ENV: "production",
  REACT_APP_API_URL: "https://your_domain/api",
  REACT_APP_API_SUBSCRIPTION_URL: "wss://your_domain/api/subscriptions",
  REACT_APP_CDN_HOST: "https://your_domain/widgets",
};
```

3. Update all env vars with HTTPS url in the `ecosystem.json` file.
4. Finally, you need to restart pm2 erxes processes by running the following command:

```sh
pm2 restart ecosystem.json
```

If you need more information about pm2, please go to official documentation [here](https://pm2.keymetrics.io/docs/usage/application-declaration/).
